I have tested this with various weapons and enemies, and while the numbers vary, the results are always the same: the level 1 defender rifle is by far the most effective weapon in my inventory. It melts literally fucking everything!

I just want to say that I really think that the PvE Focus of Anthem is a huge plus for the game, not only because I am not a big fan of PvP, but also out of a lot of other reasons:

The problem I have with the top tier loot in anthem is not the drop rate. The real problem is that when it finally drops it feels nothing special.

Power-Scaling: Why Loot Doesn't Matter Anymore

[PSA] The Level 1 Defender Rifle is the best weapon in the game(also damage numbers are pointless and don't mean anything)

The PC version is an afterthought.

Reward structure issues and ideas

BioWare, replace the current loading screens with pages from the Codex

BioWare - Can Colossus PLEASE get Shield Customization as our 4th armor Piece!

Mythbusters and mechanics not explicitly stated or clarified in the game anywhere

Here's why I think people aren't getting legendaries and a potential bug

Anthem Endgame Loot Guide: How to perfect your build in hours

There is so much stuff that simply isn't explained at all, and BioWare needs to resolve it

All 4 Javelins feel completely balanced. Not one of them seems to be OP. I think this is something thats going to be under appreciated. Well done, Bioware.

More Objective Radar variations based on the original design

Bioware has acknowledged that Ranger feels underperforming: here's why it's a mess

I know there's a lot going on right now but we definitely need energy weapons revamped entirely.

I would happily wait another month with no new content to have a REAL, quality, and well-tested stability and QoL-only patch

Bethesda... Bethesda never changes.

I've compiled a list of all known bugs in Fallout 76 (x-post /r/Fallout)

Why is everyone mad at Bethesda for things breaking.....during an event to figure out what will break?

 All I want for Christmas is for you to not give up on this game.

Idea: don’t just increase the size of the stash, but make it upgradable with caps and rare resources!

Bugs after Patch 1.0.1.14

I enjoy helping people in Fo76

My project which can automatically build maps of every resource in the game world.

Hero queue concept. There's a problem in this game with people camping in the menu to get a hero, I think a hero queue is a way to solve this problem.

Hero queue concept. There's a problem in this game with people camping in the menu to get a hero, I think a hero queue is a way to solve this problem.