You're Pissed? You want to make a point once and for all? Well, what could hurt a game that has Real Money transactions for cosmetics (lol, yeah there are nearly none i know) or is a live service more than anything?

Whatever happened with these things? Just a few examples of what we've seen previously that's absent from the game we got.

Anthem reviews are seemingly harsher than other games because it failed at a time when gamers are just fed up with being overpromised and under delivered.

BioWare at this point you are an embarrassment to the Gaming world

you guys are an absolute embarrassment to the whole gaming world/community.

Can We All Just Agree That Anthem Is Dead?

I wish I never supported Anthem by buying the game.

This stream is a complete embarrassment

The loot portion of this update is a complete disaster and actually a regression from what it was before

I got a FULL refund of my pre-ordered copy of Anthem from Amazon. I claimed false advertising and fraud.

Bioware, only YOU are to blame for the toxicity and lack of civility directed towards Anthem...

You blatantly lied about the game in E3

You manifested a game littered with game-breaking errors

You have been told ad-nauseum how broken your loot system is but pretend all is well

You lack the competency to improve the original build of the game

You fail at demonstrating respect and dialogue with the community

You create lackluster end game content

You disgustingly have mentally broken your staff to the point of severe burn out and exhaustion

You continue to insult us by propagating lie after lie creating an aura of distrust

You reveal your arrogance in a lack of apology or admission of the games fundamental issues

You binge in the visual arts but are scarce when it comes to storytelling

You have a poor understanding of RPG mechanics and the basics of the "looter shooter" paradigm

You are keen to make this game an ongoing financial asset but are blinded by an disillusioned player base leaving in droves

You released a game in full knowledge that its a glorified tech demo at the worst and an unfinished game at its best

You left a precedent that financial success does not correlate with quality

You bask in laziness, from simple decals to level design

You encourage coop play but force an environment which is devoid of any means of communication

You glare over the importance of optimization which results in poor performance and wasted time in loading screens

You never explain the mechanics of your game, thus we are forced to speculate and are left dumbfounded

You have destroyed Bioware, what was once the bastion of story driven RPG's, now a shell of its former glory

You clearly have no incentive or drive to improve this game by diverging resources to other projects

You in your hubris never learned from others mistakes and have only repeated their failures

You rely on the Deus Ex Machina of 'Bioware Magic' or other games resurrection but your tunnel vision prevents you from the truth

You ultimately treat us all as a hoard of children who tantrum at the trumpet of every miscarried expectation but fail to acknowledge that we are giving feedback in hopes that one day, the game that was promised may come to fruition

Enough Is Enough. This loot discussion shouldn't even be happening. It's ridiculous.

The real reason for LOOT, BALANCE and STORE issues in Anthem

We are officially considered beta testers...

Can we please just have a coop online PvE game?

This is exactly what Andromeda looked like before it died: Updates slowing to a trickle. Increased levels of disengagement between devs and community. Prolonged silence.

At this point, BioWare, what do you have to lose? Flick the damn loot switch back to on and let people have fun.

Just a reminder: We are three months post-live and we don't even have a stats screen for this looter shooter

To BioWare Executive Leadership: You stole a whole lot of money from us, and we deserve a real and candid response about how you're going to turn this ship around.

Who is repeatedly checking this subreddit in hope of an answer from Bioware ?

The faces of the people in the background when he said 'listening to our player base', especially the dude on the right. (reposted because I had a chat head on the old one.)

EA doesn’t understand gamers... Anthem survey

Anthem is an actual scam

Since this tweet, BW has started communicating even more infrequent

Sean Murray and Hello Games, this silence is deafening.

Dear Sean Murray and Hello Games

Mean Surray dodging questions

90 Days of silence from Hello Games about their game. Sean Murray, we've come to bargain.

An HONEST post on NMS, and why I'm cancelling my PC preorder

The "Biggest disappointment" award on Steam

This game is now worth less than a Big Mac.

No Man's Sky did to me what no shrink could ever do

Less than 950 playing right now..

Whether you believe NMS was everything promised by Sean or not, one thing is true: Hello Games needs to communicate better.

Creature generator be like

Defending bad PC launches ruins the future of PC gaming.

Saw my physical copy of no mans sky on the shelf.

A compilation of clips of Sean Murray stating that you'll be able to meet other players in NMS

How many of you come here, even though you stopped playing?

If the silence goes on much longer, it's entirely reasonable to assume Hello Games has been shut down/they've abandoned this project

Old Mods Should Not Be Reinstated. There is a conflict of interest going on. We need to be sure they don't work for the Frauds at Hello Games.

Days Since Sean Murray Last Tweeted About The Game: 85

This sub is useless

I’m sorry but this game needs a solo mode.

Apex legends tried to make ranked way too casual friendly, and in turn it ruined the mode.

In this game I haven’t felt satisfied with any of my wins yet. Does anybody else want this instead?

Fire your PR person. I don’t want to be a dick here but seriously- what the hell are they doing. Here, let’s try this on for size.

Can we stop nerfing everything and maybe issue out some long awaited buffs?

Bethesda, please, you cannot ignore your playerbase, we are trying to help.

Its pretty simple, a public test server will catch problems BEFORE patches are released

Can we please stop nerfing weapons

Bethesda, quit testing the water with the shitty little kits to see how far you can push gameplay influencing shop items.

Just reverse the last update and let us at least enjoy the game pre patch 11. Then come back again after testing

Literally eveything they say they fixed is broken

Patch 11 is Terrible and Bethesda's Incompetence Shines Once More

Bethesda Please Give Us A Response

Kind of lost my temper last night after the update.

Alright Bethesda... We've come to bargain

Open letter to Bethesda Game Studios. You are breaking the goodwill of your player base faster than you are fixing it.

I can defend this game because I enjoy it and I know others do too but I can’t defend Bethesda’s recent corporate decisions.

Time for a Change of Leadership in Fallout 76 Development

Bethesda should extend the beta time tonight

Defending Bethesda does not help the Fallout community

FO76 free to play? Are you dense?

Enough with the false advertising, Bethesda!!

76 IS NOT A FREE TO PLAY GAME STOP PRICING SKINS LIKE ITS FORTNITE

Here is feedback from an older gamer who has played every Fallout game at launch 

In light of Bethesda's screw-ups, can we be thankful for the companies that get it right?

Seriously? I paid 80$ to have Vader locked?

EA’s dev response now has enough downvotes to play as Darth Vader

I work in electronic media PR - I'll tell you what EA's PR strategy is regarding the "progression system."

EA is likely trying to use the AMA to flip the narrative, don't play into their ploy... be calm and respectful or the only news will be about how crazy and unreasonable we are!

Remember how we all banded together in the fight against lootboxes well this is 30x bigger than that

Despite EA responses do not STOP voicing your opinion!

Realize, that if battlefront 2 fails hard, it will alter the course of the game industry

To prevent EA from astroturfing/planting questions in the upcoming AMA, the mods of this subreddit should create a thread for what questions we want answered, post that list when the AMA goes up, then delete any other comment thats not it, forcing EA to either ditch the AMA, or answer the questions.

this sub has become the front line for making a stand against the current state of pay to win video games

A friendly reminder that EA is not your friend and never will be.

Can we NOT praise DICE and EA when they inevitably "fix" this whole controversy?

EA Just Played Every Single One of Us for Fools

PSA: We're not demanding free content. We're demanding that this live service game they sold to us AT FULL PRICE is exactly what they said it was.

Guys, the MAIN PROBLEM here is that progression is tied to RNG....... You earn nothing for a class by actually playing that class.

Let's be perfectly clear here, EA is 100% at fault for the state of the game, not gamers.

EA is the worst thing to happen to Star Wars

EA, it’s very clear to everyone you aren’t listening

I really want to get Battlefront 2, but out of solidarity for the community I will refrain from purchasing it.

EA straight up lied about duplicates!

You may think cancelling or boycotting doesn't make a difference, but now is actually our greatest opportunity